doc: Update HTTP API instructions (#3232)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/reference/api/_index.md

---

This is the reference for the gRPC and HTTP APIs that {{% tts %}} exposes.

<!--more-->

## HTTP Queries

> Additional fields may be specified in HTTP requests by appending them as query string parameters. For example, to request the `name`, `description`, and `locations` of devices in an `EndDeviceRegistry.Get` request, add these fields to the `field_mask` field:

Reviewer: I think we should write a little more about what field masks are, and how we use them in our APIs (because we use them on Get/List, but also on Update RPCs).

See also https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/google.protobuf#google.protobuf.FieldMask

Reviewer 2: Also `EndDeviceRegistry` doesn't exist; they're separate per component

Author: > Also `EndDeviceRegistry` doesn't exist; they're separate per component

Ah I see what you mean, but the IS `EndDeviceRegistry` is just called `EndDeviceRegistry` https://thethingsstack.io/reference/api/end_device/#the-enddeviceregistry-service

Reviewer 2: You're right!

```bash
GET /api/v3/applications/{end_device_ids.application_ids.application_id}/devices/{end_device_ids.device_id}?field_mask=name,description,locations

> ```

Reviewer 2: This is not a bash script, is it? What is this?

---

This is the reference for the gRPC and HTTP APIs that {{% tts %}} exposes.

<!--more-->

## Field Masks

> {{% tts %}} APIs use field masks to specify a subset of fields that should be returned by a `Get` request, or to specify fields that should be updated in an `Update` request. See Google's [protocol buffer reference](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/google.protobuf#google.protobuf.FieldMask) for more information about field masks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% tts %}} APIs use field masks to specify a subset of fields that should be returned by a reading request, or to specify fields that should be updated in a writing request. See Google's [protocol buffer reference](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/google.protobuf#google.protobuf.FieldMask) for more information about field masks.
```

It's not only `Get`; it can also be listing, searching etc. Same for `Update`; can be setting stuff.

Reviewer 2: Also, Protocol Buffers is a name so title case

## HTTP Queries

Additional fields may be specified in HTTP requests by appending them as query string parameters. For example, to request the `name`, `description`, and `locations` of devices in an `EndDeviceRegistry.Get` request, add these fields to the `field_mask` field:

> `GET /api/v3/applications/{end_device_ids.application_ids.application_id}/devices/{end_device_ids.device_id}?field_mask=name,description,locations`

Reviewer 2: But what is this still, an HTTP header?

Maybe a cURL example is clearest?
